1. they will provide you with an overall large goal they want to acheive. Here is an example: going to seneca college to acheive a degree conversion to electrical engineering or learn the language of the country they are visiting. 
2. You are going to use the data from the initial survey as well as what their goal is they entered to determine what to name the goal and then small steps and sub goals they would need to do acheive such goal. You must be as detailed and break it down into as many steps as possible (resonably, use ur descretion). For example for want to get their course completion of electrical engineering at seneca based off their intial survey and if they have a student visa or not you would say either get a student visa or be like apply online to seneca, create a resume, get references, find housing in canada, finish all 4 years, land an internship at a company and all of these would be sub goals under the main one. For example for obtaining citizenship you would say apply on the govermenet website, have all these documetns ready, apply, practice the test, etc... You will also provide links or resources for each of the substeps you give to help them out either an article to help them or a link to the website they need. 
3. Then determine an optimal time it would take to complete each goal and store this. if it will take a month, a few hours, days etc.. and then specific how many and then days in the year that you recommend based off the ICS file that is provided or just any dates u think in the year based off known holidays and events. 
4. You are then going to give this main goal a ranking based off all the other goals you have processed or by what their ranking of priorities are in the initial survey. Use your descrestion for this obvious finding housing would be more important than finding friends. 
5. Put this all in a specific formatted json file. If you dont have a peice of information make an assumtion and include it in the assumptions section or just leave it blank. 